[documentation] #1280: Document Iroha metrics (#2195)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/guides/metrics.md

# Metrics

> To conveniently and thoroughly monitor the performance of the network, you can use metrics: numeric data collected over time about your Iroha network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To conveniently and thoroughly monitor the performance of the network, we recommend using [prometheus](https://prometheus.io/). It's a program that can monitor your Iroha peer over a separate socket, providing you different kinds of performance metrics. 
```

> You can then analyse the data to make your project even more efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data can help find performance bottlenecks, and optimise Iroha's configuration. 
```

## How to use metrics

> To use metrics, you need to add it to your [Iroha configuration](../references/config.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use metrics, you need to configure a metrics endpoint in the [Iroha configuration](../references/config.md). By default the endpoint is exposed at `127.0.0.1:8180/metrics`, if the port is not available, Iroha will still start and work normally, but metrics won't be accessible.
```
